During my collaboration time in Sri Lanka Local Chapter Phase-2, we were having a hard time dealing with the deployment part. We did made a Flask API for integrating it with Flutter App that we had already before hand. But deploying it on Azure Services took us a lot more time than we thought as we have to deal with script files and dependencies that were giving us and issue.




One of the biggest achievement of my life was that during December of 2020 i was very weak at communication skills, i was not even confident to talk to someone. But one decision just changed my life, after that i decided that we don't have any other option as if i will not be good enough in communicating with someone then how will i do something which will help our society. Now i became very good in communication skills with my technical skills. This is one of my biggest achievement of my life.




During February last year as our college was having a break  of 15 days so i decide that let's work on one projects and as my communication skills were also getting better day by day so that helped me a lot. I started working on a project of Virtual Assistant. I made this project by collecting data from two most popular sites and get results from them in the same window prompt. This was the first project which was initiated by me.




I have experience working in Texas, Srilanka, Pakistan, Bangladesh Local Chapter & many more local chapters. I also have complted more than three 8 week challenges and I feel that this platform is the best way to increase our practical experience. over any topic. During the local chapter, I learned a lot of new topics and helped the local chapter in the way of completing the project. I am fully oriented towards working with the community to improve or make some application that will eventually help our societies. Like as we know, our society hasn't done some great progress in terms of saving energy, making the lives of disabled people easy. I want to collaborate with some communities to make some solutions so that we can help each other and make our lives happy.